Right. I actually promised my friends that I'd make this video quite a while ago,
but I've not got around to it. But now I finally got around to it.
So here it is in this video. I'm just going to be attempting to
do a variety of accents from around
the world. I'll start off with accents from my own country, which has
lots of different accents. I'm from Britain in
case you didn't notice. I'm from the UK and yeah, there's lots of different british
accents can do. And then I'll move on to accents
from other countries. And that the
way I'm going to structure this video is for each accent I'm going to pretend
I'm on the phone and I'm going to chat a random stuff. And when I
say random, I mean 100% random. It is completely not a
rubbish. Don't pay attention to what I say, don't take it seriously.
It's just random chatter in the accent. I may
have made a few references here and there to the individual
accent, but it's mostly random. But yeah, that's how I'm gonna structure it.
So let's begin. Alright, it's Dave
there. You right, mate? How's it going, son? Yeah, I'm fine,
mate. Just doing a bit of diY. This place is a fucking shithole,
but I'll have it sorted in no time. Wah gwangla. What? You seen?
Nah, school, fam. What? Ebla. What are you talking about?
Ebla. Don't fucking hang up on me. What the fuck?
Pusill, what the fuck are you looking at?
Great, great, fantastic. Thanks a lot. Oh,
and don't forget to bring the briefing documents and insurance papers.
Yes, great, thank you. I mean, if you ask me,
there are a great number of individuals on that list who I most
deeply despise. One of them has been
my family's arch rival since the mid 18th century.
Yes, I woke up this morning to see some bastard who stole my
chatter. Anyway, are you coming with me later to
see Plymouth Rogue? Nice green horn,
mate. The guy that was interviewing me was a fucking
knobhead. Nope, seriously, like, he asked me if I
was irish or scottish. I mean, just cause I don't sound like one of them
fucking southern fairies I like. Mate, how's it
going? I'm fine. Well, yesterday I got in the
fucking bar braille cause I was this cheeky dickhead. It was like, give me
funny looks and that. So I fuckin smashed a bottle over his head
and then like three of his maids fuckin grab me from behind. But then
I, like, fart them off like I was, like, swatting like flies.
It was bloody fantastic. Aliens and Cardiff?
I don't think so. Listen, I think you need professional
help. I have a phone number here for
a high quality cancelling service. Did you just call me a
shipshagger? That is not acceptable. You bloody bastard.
A baseball bat, an oozy and
a petrol bomb. And then he fucking dropped to the floor unconscious.
Unconscious. Can you believe that? And I
just sat there thinking, is it me or is he just a
wee bit off his head? If you give him an inch, he'll take a fucking
mail. You have got a decision to make. I'll count down.
54321.
Time's up. Get the fuck out, simple ass. I'm not just
going to stand by and watch some paunch little fucker put me out of business.
I will burn his fucking place down to the ground if I have to.
And I will stay there for the fire show with a pint of Guinness
in one hand and a pint of Magnus in the other, safe in the knowledge
that that cunt won't be fucking with me ever, ever again.
Dude, I'm not an asshole. I don't like talking to people
like that. But that bitch had it coming. Seriously, at the
end of the day, some people just take the piss. I was really
good to her and she treated me like a fucking doormat. And that is not
cool.
Anyway, I gotta go. I'll see you later.
Dude, that douchebag killed his fucking dog.
That's just crossing the line. I mean, it was real close to that dog,
you know? I just think this whole situation's got out of control
and I don't know what to do. Boss, any advice? I can't
understand a goddamn word you're saying, you stupid retard.
I ain't gonna sit here trying to figure out what kind of mumbo jumbo,
jibber jabber bullshit's coming out of your stupid chicken shit mouth.
Marianne. Marianne, give me another beer. I make
sure it's cold this time, bitch. Right.
Okay. Yes, yes, it's the building
by the fish market. Well, since your last visit, we've got the shower
working and, well, Bill's always on his way down. Open the
back gate. So the only question is,
where the bloody hell are you? What a fucking joke.
Bonjour. Oh, sorry,
sorry. Yes, I do speak English. So you want me to pass
this message on to him now? No.
Okay, well, I will notify him that you are trying to contact him.
Okay, thanks very much. Bye bye. Trying to
figure out the button layout. But if you see Heinrich,
just remember to pass on this message to him that he is
a fucking cheat.
That's all. Thank you, Yuri.
Hello? It's Nikola here. I will never forget that
time in Moscow when Michael stole Dmitri's vodka.
And then he started singing soviet national anthem.
Remember that time in volo grad when Dmitry stole
the police motorbike and crashed into ice cream parlor?
Well, I tried to tell him before,
but there was a communication issue. There was nothing
I could do. I'm so very sorry that this happened. You need
to go compare yourself. I regretfully inform you
that it is now outside of my responsibility.
I assure you that I told Mister Wong that the business plan was to go
forward. I don't have to keep running around fixing every little mistake
that these stupid, incompetent people make.
I have a fucking business to run here, and I don't need the hassle.
Good day to you. I thought Tokyo was the one.
Meet me at my apartment in Nagasaki tomorrow at 04:00 p.m.
These people think. Cause they say nothing.
They are strong. Well, tomorrow, all behind
this will be shamefully exposed.
Hey. Hey. Don't bloody talk to me like that, you bloody bastard.
I am the one trying to help you here. Who else can help you,
huh? Your uncle? Huh? He can't even tie his bloody shoelace
properly. Without me, you would
not be where you are today. Yeah, right. The dopey little shit couldn't
even do a test job without getting a paper cut. I'm serious,
man. I've practically looked everywhere, and the only place I could find
was this fucking dump here. I know, man. It takes
the fucking piss. But what can you do, huh? Hey, don't worry, don't worry.
I can't change the details. That is not a problem. But this
other guy, he's becoming a pest.
I mean, this guy, man, who does he think he is? This is a
fucking irritating. We don't want it,
right? That's all I can do for now.
Obviously, some were a little bit off. I did
make some mistakes here and there, you know, I'm only human. No one's perfect.
But I did my best. And in
no way meant to offend anyone or insult anyone's accent or culture
or whatever. Even if I did chat random, stupid stuff on the
phone. It's just. Just because I couldn't think of anything to say,
really. But nothing was personal or nothing
like that, you know, I made this mainly for
my friends. Because they seem to be entertained. When I impersonate different
accents. And so I thought I'd make the video and,
you know, if you watching and you like it,
then feel free to comment, like subscribe,
whatever. I don't usually make videos like this, by the way. I usually make video
about games and, and Microsoft's ham text
to speech voices and stuff like that. But just subscribe anyway.
You never know, I might remake this a better version or
something similar to this. But thanks for watching.
Yeah,